"Murder of more than 1000 Israeli
as a result of Hamas's atack"
this was the content of one of
the recent news from the BBC
that will also tell you that
Palestineans kill Zionists
without telling you the reason
furthermore, they will tell
you that palestinians died..
with no info. at all
about how they died
"they just died" according to
western media
but when it comes to Zionists
they mourn and sob.
This is the distorted perception
of Western media
that weakens the palestinian cause in us
and who we'll not allow
to do so
"From a different angle"
although the bloodsheding
the Zionists are doing
to Palestinians, specifically these days
of war crimes against
palestinians in Gaza
the Western media has mastered the
art of double standards
and selective silence
in front of what is happening
in France numerous
protests was organized by
the Representative
Council of Jewish Institutions
to support the Zionist entity
while protests for Palestine is forbidden
not only that, it goes as far as
for the Minister of Justice of France
to threaten those who sympathize
with Gaza with imprisonment
in addition to that, in the UK the
"civilized", UK's minister of interior forbids
just the waving of the
Palestinian flag, or chanting
slogans calling for
Palestine's freedom
along with that, the German President
himself comes out to warn his civilians
from praising or sympathizing with Hamas.
Have you seen effrontery like that
from those who chant
democracy and liberalism slogans?
from a few months they were
crying over their beloved Ukraine,
which was under attack by the Russians
so they hanged
banners, changed the
color of their channels
and major occaisons
to Ukraine's flag color
moreover, they even funded Ukrainian
extremists to defend their country
with 24/7 media coverage
but when it comes to Palestine
defending their rights = extremism
while oppressors are innocent civilians,
whom western celebrities sympathize with
but it's forbidden for our Arab
celebrities to sympathize with them
especially who lives in the West
and indeed there who has got afraid
and there who was brave enough
to express about the Palestinian cause.
Many times we wonder, is our
engagement in Social
media about the cause
benefiting our brothers in palestine?
and are we allowed to blame
the apathetic celebrities who had abstained
from doing any engagement in this cause?
firstly, we all know that the algorithms
of the majority of
Social media platforms, restricts
the content related to Palestine
moreover, it doesn't deal equally with it
and Zionist content
additionally, the selective silence and racism we see
towards the palestinian cause, tells us
without a doubt
about the worldwide lack of
knowledge about this cause
not all Europeans are
necessarily against us
but they might haven't heard
anything about the cause
this lack of knowledge
was made by their media
so our media must do the opposite
we all should take advantage of media
to spread this cause by ourselves
in addition to that, to
feel that we're one people
and spread this cause worldwide
for that, I am
sending this message
to all Arabic and
Islamic content creators:
"Our cause needs [loud]
voices, you and us are its voice,
so don't hesitate to spread it"
the loud voices results in a fuss
which means more audience and more
knowledge about the
crimes of the Zionists
and the right for
palestinians to resist back
and all of us can participate in this
so don't underestimate your potentials.